https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVPjISMlU=/?share_link_id=722975081903
Answers:
A server is a computer that has its own processor, hard disk, and RAM. It is different from a personal computer because it provides services to other computers, such as storing data, sending and receiving emails, or connecting to websites. A server can either provide one type of service or all of the services mentioned. A domain name is a text-based name of a webpage and it is used by the Domain Name System (DNS) to match the IP address. For example, the domain name in www.foobar.com is foobar.com, which is the portion following the dot. The first part, www, is a subdomain and is used as a CNAME record that holds the value foobar.com, which is then used by the DNS to find its IP address.

A web server, in its hardware form, stores HTML, Java, CSS, and images. It also stores web server software, which controls how websites are accessed via HTTP servers that can understand URL and HTTP requests in order to deliver static webpages. An application server handles the business logic, which means it transforms data to provide special functions and make the webpage interactive for the user. It serves as an intermediary between the webserver and the database, reducing the complexity of interactions between the two by storing previous interactions for better performance and management. A database is a way to store information in an organized manner, making it easy to access, update, and utilize. The server and the client communicate with each other through protocols such as TCP/IP and HTTP.

Issues with the infrastructure include a single point of failure (SPOF). If there is a malfunction with the client software or hardware, with the network connection, or with the single server, the entire system will fail. Additionally, downtime is required when the system is updating, meaning users will be unable to access services while the single server is down. Furthermore, the single server can become overloaded with bulky traffic, leading to server crashes. Lastly, there is no scalability since there is no other server to take its place.
